Okay, I'm prepping for MIT Media Lab, but what's in the way is my incomplete portfolio. And so now I'm going to be listing everything that I'm working reverse chronologically, going through the categories of academics, hackathons, GitHub pushes, and LinkedIn posts. So my goal here is not to do other projects, but more just to list what I have. Let's get started. The latest project I've worked on. is my documentation app. Well, more precisely, it's a synthesizer. Actually, make a new category of minor but unsure type of project. So what I worked on, starting from last night, is a pro synthesizer. It goes to minor project but essentially despite being a CS major I still focused on honing my writing and I used it the help of AI and beautiful soup or an HTML to PDF for that or markdown HTML to markdown but the flow was essentially I was I missed the way I write back in high school and so with prof and I really like the way prof Watson writes so I read everything from the sub stack and even fed into an AI model just so I could create a table output from it and from that I made a system and I think this goes through my discovering shortcuts persona / philosophy but I took advantage of Copilot to write it for me with Claw 2.5 with github copilot agents to write it you know with like clear Watson-esque features like seamless hyperlinks embedded in the story like cultural like deep into the concept references okay I'm detailing it basically I made a writing I fine-tuned in a sense I fine-tuned my writing AI for Capstone evoking six or seven different personas and it's consistent for an AI model and it actually looks up links and even ooh I could generate matplotlibs for a better explanation for it because two classes ago well for this class yes I've just worked on that well for this class I didn't actually really work on that because okay where am I so first project first project was just that let's do a refresh first project is a name a stylistic analysis turned writing AI via co-pilot with Claude Sonnet 4.5. A Gentic markdown output. And then yesterday I also kind of discovered how using Gemini AI studio with 2.5 Pro it natively or inherently is capable generating matte blotlibs and then pasting that as an output for 2.5 Pro. So now I understand how SVMs work, the ML model. Two days ago I also learned via NTU, National Taiwan University's Makers Club, basically from an ESP32, learn how to write data there, learn how to wire everything into a breadboard and then attach a microphone, write that to the SD card and then active and then adding an extra layer of recording when I use a touch sensor and then using the ESP32 to post a simple HTML page so I could access my recordings that's like part of a two three-phase project but right now I've done phase one so maybe keep that as a list that as a project or hardware and sensors and electronics because I'm part of the makers club anyway what I have next is two nights ago we have already mentioned when I broke I'm gonna talk about next let's make sure I didn't miss anything yes rose the other way was it's MTU Maker Club then on Monday then on Monday maybe I can just talk about my capstone project maybe talk about my portfolio site for MIT because Monday was just oh yeah maybe using the same beautiful soup web scraper learning how to web scrape relevant sections of MIT Media Lab's application site. That's what I remember doing. All right let's continue. Day before yesterday I was working on a portion of my LLM friendly blog folio. Yeah, okay an LLM friendly blog for you and the specific thing okay nothing to find a joke But it's a system. I really like this system because it showcases the Discover Shortcuts part So it documents for me with an AI Pomodoro Keystrokes, copy paste things you've copy pasted Tabs you're on or the windows you're on it captures all those kind of data Even screenshots every five minutes because the Pomodoro is 25 minutes, right? And then a voice And yeah and then those data aggregate they all add up I have an AI studio once that thing is up you know what my recordings can probably do a better job of explaining but yeah it's synthesized distilled and then put into my blog folio for a specific project that I will talk about this is my current biggest project of the day but synthesizes and then the smart part of my blog folio comes in because for my project it's a one pager and on the right there are two columns on the right one on the right there the pomodoros a list of them and on the left is actual blogs the thing is you can I have an llm.txt which downloads all the blog the mark because they're all markdown so I'll even have a markdown to blog converter with special markdown special markdown with specific special commands mapped just to make that even has metadata so every keystroke everything is mapped bro okay and I'm also making a blog for you with that which is same thing it's it's an extension of the port of the blog of the specific project and it's a portfolio which composed which is composed of two things number one it's just a quick facts summarizer and number two it's it's below the quick facts there are there's the Watson style blog god knows anyway so that comprises my blog folio and now for the main event I am making somak or soma so match which is a play on word Soma meaning body for the brain match being just because I didn't have domain available so I did so much there's so much you can do with your biosensors but basically this is a my capstone project for the year for my academic year 2025 2026 my final year at Minerva guided by Prof Watson Patrick H Watson goated computational neuroscientist I want to be just like him anyway this is a five faced project where I utilize bodily input and biosensors to play video games so it's basically an input and so what we do with that input is we take in so my philosophy here is really just learn how to stand and then learn how to walk before you fly because I don't have experience in this field well I did try last semester but I'm gonna give you the archive folder to see how that played out but essentially it's just a five-phase project and I'm gonna stop you before I get too excited but a five-phase project where a five-phase project where well I'm just gonna go to each faces phase one using phone as an input to play silksong my phones IMU sensors accelerometer even quaternions and then second is I just push that over to my watch and try to train a machine learning model out of it this is gonna be a three three-part blog because I think I can even talk about these on an individual level for the list of projects because it started off as a quick trying to use CNNs and LSDSM for gesture recognition time series as well as just learning the patterns but that didn't work so I actually made an app well first of all an app to stream my sensor to my Mac and then a second app to label them with a grid so when I hit a grid I punch it and then I also label it I punch with my watch arm and then on my other arm I gesture it I have all the documentation because initially that's that's my phase two the product phase three is basically using EMG sensors on my muscle initially my triceps so if I clench it it'll notice a difference in electrical signals and then it basically acts as a button so turn switch instead of a turn switch button it's a muscle clench for my helmet which contains an LED strip pretty simple ESP32 I'm sure you all the documentation for that but I basically want it listed as a separate entity so I can have a blog post about it and then the past day past few days whatever I've been doing guess it's time to view github ah oh me over new project we this will be quick quick OMI wearable to order an uber with your voice it's a microphone on a necklace with AI processing on the cloud I'll give you the bits and pieces but the important parts here oh wait I haven't talked about phase 4 and phase 5 so phase 3 was EMG phase 4 is using EEG to act as a button for Playwright MCP so So that I can think. So if I'm in my focused state. Then I can just use Playwrights Navigate To specific URL. Or click. And then when it navigates. It asks me where do you want to navigate. And then I just speak. Like navigate to Substack. And then it actually goes there. And then my fifth one, it's a direct study replication for Perry Kyal, the psychologist's PhD girl streamer who plays Dark Souls with an emotive EEG consumer headset. So I just want to be able to do that. So that's the fifth phase. These are all very complex projects, but I want to end up with an EEG type of project. Anyway, heading to Omi Uber. This was in collaboration with Omi's founder, Nick NIK, and basically made an app that, with a webhook, hosted on Render, of course. Not on Render, a different place. I forgot. Anyway, I'll give you the details. Just list this. When I say, get me an Uber from and to, it uses Playwright to get a session agent and then gets all your cookies so it can log in and act on behalf of you because this script lives in the cloud and so if it lives in the cloud then it doesn't have a sense of user location because otherwise it would get locations of where its servers are with that said though i made sure that yeah the user it the user's logged in and so it just basically fills in the first drop down select of the uber app using playwright and it actually fucking works so i'm proud of that it's my first end-to-end deployed app well for a hackathon but it works all the back end is working it's on docker so i'm really proud of that before that i was working on the whole shenanigan for emg and then pivoting and I have a whole write-up IPYNB for it for so please please please please help me organize all this okay and on October 17 I also worked I also made an Android app for GPS emulation How do I want to phrase this? It helps your phone. Ah, I can say it was a utility tool for the OMI Uber apps because I Wasn't physically in the US and so it helped my phone be in the vicinity of the US But yeah and I basically just hard coded an app. Maybe this will be my first App Store release. Oh man, this guy's fast. Anyway. And then... Show more activity. There we are. yes and then i guess uh an overarching theme for the semester is that i actually switched from notion maybe make a new list blog idea switching from notion to markdown to working on vs code because i just realized that notion is just fancy markdown and vs code is lighter and it's also way more organized than for me so out of markdown information because if I use copilot then it'll really in agentically just go through the relevant things especially with vector embeddings and the likes but that's what I was working on same for my time as a oh add this for experience because okay so how I want this organizes projects, experiences, like jobs, and minor projects, and then extra blog ideas. So, I'm actually, I'm officially a teaching assistant for Minerva University software engineering class, where I give Socratic feedback, I don't know, yes, Socratic feedback with foundation with first principles office hours and a bit of therapy like I just asked the fundamental like what exactly do you actually know what a virtual before making a virtual environment do you actually know what a virtual environment is and then I gave a lecture basically it was so good lots of repeat office hours sirs now let's check through the assignments yeah i guess uh nt makers club let's just list everything we did so far well let's talk about robot dog I made an Arduino and that's that and then an upcoming project I'm making for GDC is shrimp fried rice it's a shrimp fried rice video game using an actual walk and some IMU sensors I bought here in Taiwan I'm a frequent visitor of Gong Hua Digital Plaza but I'm gonna make the game for the experimental games section and then it's essentially just you playing as a shrimp in a wok and then eating MSG and then you become the chef and then the chef and you have to eliminate the chef and treat the chef basically give the chef a taste of his own medicine quite fun game uses a lot of rotation six accelerations and natural wok stuff okay let's go through Minerva again so So that's a feature project by the way, the shrimp fried rice thing. And I already bought the materials for it, which is a whole thing in itself. Okay, deliverables, nothing much. Now let's think, think, think, think, think, think. Scraper to apply for MIT, that's done. Watch for silkson, that's done. I guess I'm getting into the realm of Machine learning as well, especially since I got a Colab Pro and I've been playing with a 100 because I think this falls into the Trying to train Silksong because before I even made the Android app there was this whole thing about using a 100s to train No to use a whisper X model so that I could try labeling my gestures with my voice That's a funny one Oh and yeah One big endeavor and big achievement is that I have a forum so Minerva is Class for different country working in different countries and we've since switched to UTC I made a forum, timezone, converter, chrome extension app and people love it! 50 downloads, 5 stars. Pretty cool. And this doesn't include my earlier iterations. oh i'm gonna be future project i'm gonna be teaching a class i'm gonna be teaching on electro what was the term for that prof watson i forgot but electro something you know the collective term for eeg meeg fmris recording brain data i'm gonna be giving a talk on that and then of course the context aware pomodoro that's that capstone right where it's all there so sound controller that's done making the website for it look beautiful is one thing what else Oh blog content I love libraries because it just it's a physical it's a concrete it's concrete proof that people can do whatever the and they wanted lives and nobody's gonna remember them it's quite cynical but it's a good reminder because it reminds me of everything everywhere all at once i made a blog post for that actually actually have a blog post for that so i'm good uber yep i'm done with that but I guess we can go back to summer and then yeah so before summer I did the Webflow creative challenge something like Webflow GSAP challenge it was a very creative website that it uses a lot that that dictated my pixel aesthetic today very interactive learned a lot of use a lot of cloud code because code pilot had its limits and then even prior to that I finished my Dell project which was a terminal user interface for chaos mesh because this goes to project and experience I guess but chaos mesh for Dell yes I was a chaos engineer intern under the ISA secondary storage solution for a pre-release project servicing the world's largest banks and during the we got viral video which was funny because I got into the semi-finals but I didn't get to pitch because I was with friends and then And then before that, even before that, was Got Your Grandma. It's a viral VO just basically to make content with VO 3.1. It was a full pipeline made with three people. And then, yeah, I got Got Your Grandma, which was a, I forgot what the voice API provider was, but it was an elderly fraud protection system which utilized three bros quick wafer scale. Another them. And then even before that, I completed Expedition 33, bro, what can you say? And yes, over the summer I also tried to make my first paid product which was a Nano Banana Editor. Didn't work out but at least I learned how to work with Stripe. And then... Ah yes. One that I released on Product Hunt was the CLI Vine Boom Effect. Very useful. I'll keep that there. And while we're at Product Hunt, I also released a Connect 4 powered by a MinMax AI algorithm that activated whenever you'd be waiting on Chachibiti's research mode. Then I also made a few more