For a moment as well I would have a dedicated table in ocean So I would have a dedicated So I would have a dedicated table in Notion and that allowed me to document amazing and then whatever I needed to write something to make a bit of an export I would use the Notion API to extract information all of my text blocks and output it as a JSON file so that was the beginning of my realization that Notion is just fancy marketing It's just advancing my drum. I even tried to replicate my Mac. I did replicate Mac with first diarization. Not diarization but if you hold a key. I put my key and then it starts using a mini whisper session on my phone go which is processes it and pastes it so I made that tool so I made a controller system and a video transcriber and basically we made a Mac whisper I also contributed to... Oh this is Nakatake. But I contributed to. yeah Anyway, another thing that I contributed to that was the data set which was I think some lab in Spain where they managed to train people with several hundred channels for EEG and have them think of down left and right. I didn't have ML knowledge at the time so it was really bad data. I could show you and profess my mentor's feedback for that. But that's how I can grapple with high volume, like high... Something that I feature with large, about 8-year space and the most important is quite cool. I was focused on the business side of H.C. but not as fractured into it. I also opened the hackathon for the which was where I made a cheap shopper app which was supposed to be a playwright tool that would access multiple multiple shopping sites but I ended up just returning the shopping like the Google shopping link and had it pre-filtered with the cheap as well it was a very hacky way of doing it but I obviously didn't put the food as people with my well done project which is mindset it was a project where i worked with a commercial EEG device to try and train my own thing to basically replicate Nieto's dataset but it was very bad because it couldn't even know if it was on my head or not i had a relationship with Satscare which basically it's a project that was unfinished but i thought as a contract that could. That could essentially keep a database of all the relationships but then with the Nying Necklace essentially where I use the Nying Framework to do is the way they point it out I don't know what I was expecting Which was... MR dimension. I thought that was the name of the GDC. I also made a robot leak Procter for still UAI Certification is a new category I guess Google 5 page AI course And still for UAI I made a modality for Arduino for Netto And then I was Продолжение следует...