Yo I'm fucking tired here are the list of my achievements that I will visit later I'll get started The scholarship application Pixel watch nail bite detector Connect4 code ChatGPT Experience GDC also made a line queue like turned away counter an app counter since the physical one wasn't available that's the third project intrinsic motivation multiple choice question reviewer look at the flashcard thing which was a flashcard thing a new project is creating logo for vellum labs which is a YC25 startup Oh yeah, and an experience as well was I was one of these selected participants for YSE's AI Startup School 2025 summer And talking about motivation I did I won a hackathon given the Given an intrinsic motivator with using a popular framework that adapted that basically made a chat gpt app back in the days this was Seoul semester so that was two years ago fall 2023 fall I guess yeah it was anyway talking about hackathons let's go back to my SF experience so I also made an OMI wrap which is inspired by Spotify wrap that's basically since you're wearing an AI necklace that knows everything about you it just gives you like a wrap up of what happened and then that gave me 25k and for SF I also did Look Mono Hands which was basically using the voice to navigate the web it was made by some app i was featured into it but it was some app that basically still used playwright under the hood and then other than that i got into hanwha's ai center membership i was basically member zero because when i met the co-founder of ethereum was it they offered up their space and so i was one of the first ones i was actually accepted I'm a member I have it on paper for another hackathon well I guess for a planish the Dell experience I just learned to enrich the Dell experience I just wanted to say that I also learned how to make splitwise recreates with kubernetes so I have experience in distributed systems now I also made a Python script that emulates human typing with backspacing and error mistaking. I also made I also tried to make an inner speech with a consumer product I forgot but tried to train my brain with a consumer EEG product it didn't work at the end so that's lessons learned there at least your mind be to update that and then urban pulse vision was an entry which used Google's Google Gemini video understanding to help the government of Singapore this is for their hackathon more information soon oh it's here and I also have a prologue project that was a study spot recommender in San Francisco using Prologue with a GUI made with Python and I worked with four collaborators here and then there's also and there's also my stent was a paid gig with Hyperbolic Labs Andre Carpathie's favorite GPU provider and I basically made I basically got paid a thousand bucks to commission commission to make a GPU rental bought via voice and I personally know the founders because of this which I actually got to develop in the first place by joining this very big hackathon by Coinbase in San Francisco's Salesforce Tower. I basically won the most hyperbolic thing in the hackathon. For my AI class as well I made an A* micromouse maze over which is pretty cool But I basically contributed fiber ball again to their hyperbolic agent get repo as well Other stuff that I wanted That I wanted to talk about was just this really quick Prompt that I submitted for Microsoft's powerful devs hack together Another hackathon that I won for was was for the open source AI hackathon. I actually was the winner of that. I think CNN Debates meet Comedy Central Roasts but with AI doesn't hold back. And I basically used Dobby here, which is an AI for the AGI-thon. I forgot which hackathon this was but that's one and then the other hackathon that I... that was how I went so hackathon went. I think it was with fireworks AI Then another hackathon I did was more of like a news scraper AI. AI with function calling for news scraper And oh the hyperbolic thing was actually a news scraper as well but GPU rentals GPU rentals with function calling and then actually pulled in the API And then an upcoming project as well is recently I've been into I've been into supporting those lives without a voice. Stray animals, stray cats and dogs. It's abundant in the Philippines and so I've partnered up with a local organization to help make a database for that. Okay That's a feature project though because I was put on hold when I went to Taiwan. Back to my github repo. List. Ah, more lists. Timezone converter and this for my software engineering class which really proved the rigger was a live feedback like a section specific feedback goal. This is relevant for Minervans only but we have a different grading system where it's more critical thinking oriented. So I basically had an AI go and review. It was basically grammarly for Minerva University. I am also collaborating with AI faculty AI faculty of Minerva and champion Way to get free cutting-edge AI by Gemini 2.5 bro on AI studio and Ollama As a result of not getting like I was supposed to be the ambassador for Claude The build ambassador for Claude in Minerva, but apparently because we're a new school and Minerva needed to sponsor students Minerva needed to sponsor students then I actually was in talks with the actual president of Minerva University and he had strategy but then I was discouraged by the AI fellows Anyway now to mitigate that or in response to that I made this little guide for Minerva on how to use AI studio and how to set up Olama Which I've learned in Dell because I was one of the lucky few who had a server at Dell Technologies okay even before that I yeah so one better lesson I've learned is that NSF it's really hard to follow up people this has happened for me in the terms in the cases of Omi in the cases of hyperbolic and in the case of Claude very irresponsible with communication in my opinion that's a new blog post listed under that yes I also won a hackathon with five other collaborators with a read me please AI "Lead me please say I" but I pivoted. That's the bus stop.