Another pod right now is the Autodocumentator which got the information of an A16Z startup which is a tool not only used but a demo tool so it was essentially a Loom2Blog converter I didn't really have much experience at the time but I managed to make it work and yeah, that's one. I want to feature program projects, I actually want to feature the take home I had. They're done. I want to feature some of the take home I had, especially for Adobe and Dell because I think I think I made pretty decent presentations for Adobe it was a presentation of why I'm a good fit and I actually made a good slide for that so maybe I could just embed the thickness slides in the slide. No actually I'm gonna give it to you. Maybe under experiences? This would fall under experiences obviously but it's like one of those what could have been an experience which means I got into final round. Oh and also I almost forgot there was less of an opportunity I also got a climbing down, specifically a ball of the ship, plus a clustered more information, and specifically for information plus demo video. code then go back to time and then the time ah yes we're processing the Yeah, that was basically an explanation how much average price is pre-machine This goes to the experience for the American animal and they're top top we're the top with the school to the university i worked with the team who won the the robotics league something i'm very familiar in high school where i also myself competed but anyway now they're and now they're trying to maybe solve this block based in prada to help elementary schools get used into robotics but also tackling the project though. We only have limited resources. How do we make one class share robotics? So it was a Node.js based application. I got to work their performance and I even got to judge a few projects and they got... They actually had a full pass for a forward. I asked for a question. Now I even played the judge, played the judge, so that I enjoyed the contracts and they were so happy with the feedback they received that they decided that the teams actually won the competition. Like I basically helped them pitch their product and then they won the competition. I talked about CS114 for exploring my Uber data in Argentina. Jesus, why was that so bad?